Add cyclops (#5607)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/build/build-tools-index.md

  monitor on chain states and events.
- [Ocelloids SDK](https://github.com/sodazone/ocelloids) - Typescript SDK for multi-chain monitoring
  that supports domain-specific logic for different pallets.

> - [Cyclops Dashboard](https://github.com/ArthurHoeke/cyclops/) - a validator dashboard application that helps Polkadot network validators keep track of all their validators, their income, and performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Cyclops Dashboard](https://github.com/ArthurHoeke/cyclops/) - a validator dashboard application that helps Polkadot network validators keep track of all their validators, their staking rewards, and performance.
```

Author: Yes I am, thanks for the correction.
